Update working with forks link (#1748)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/policies/repobranching.md

## Work should happen in Forks

In order to help reduce the clutter of branches in the main repo as well as to enable a common workflow for both contributors and community members with different permissions people should create forks of the main repository and work in them. Once work is ready in the fork then a pull request can be submitted back to the main repository.

See the next few sections for some simple getting started instructions for using forks but for more detailed documentation from github see [working-with-forks](https://help.github.com/en/articles/working-with-forks). 

### Clone forked repo

> After you have created the your own Fork by clicking the Fork button on the main repo you can use the following commands to clone and setup your local repo.

Reviewer: Nit: "fork" is not a proper noun and should not be capitalized.

Reviewer: Nit: "set up" is the verb form. "setup" is a noun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have created the your own fork by clicking the fork button on the main repo you can use the following commands to clone and set up your local repo.
```

> ```

Reviewer: Nit: would use `bash` fencing here for some highlighting that can help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

# clone your forked repo locally which will setup your origin remote
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/azure-sdk-for-<lang>.git

# add an upstream remote to the main repository.
cd azure-sdk-for-<lang>
git remote add upstream https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-<lang>.git

git remote -v
# origin    https://github.com/<your-github-username>/azure-sdk-for-<lang>.git (fetch)
# origin    https://github.com/<your-github-username>/azure-sdk-for-<lang>.git (push)
# upstream  https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-<lang>.git (fetch)
# upstream  https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-<lang>.git (push)
```

> After you have ran those commands you should be all setup with your local cloned repo, a remote for your forked repo called origin, and a remote for the main repo called upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have run those commands you should be all set up with your local cloned repo, a remote for your forked repo called "origin", and a remote for the main repo called "upstream".
```

### Sync your local and forked repo with latest changes from the main repo

> While working in a fork is highly recommended that you avoid committing changes directly into master so you can use it to sync your various repos. The instructions in this section assume you are using master as your syncing branch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Working in a fork is highly recommended so you avoid committing changes directly into master and can use it to sync your various repos. The instructions in this section assume you are using master as your syncing branch. 
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

# switch to your local master
git checkout master

# update your local master branch with what is in the main repo
git pull upstream master --ff-only

> # update your forked repo's master branch to match

Reviewer: Should we really have them worry about this? I've started setting my tracking branch to upstream/master and rarely even worry about origin/master. It makes your fork look complete, but really unnecessary - especially if you use upstream/master or FETCH_HEAD (if you just fetched upstream/master - probably best to consistently stick with branch-named heads, though). E.g.

```bash
git fetch upstream/master
git checkout -b issue1234 upstream/master
# hack hack hack
git commit -am "Fixed some stuff"
git push -u origin issue1234
```

Author: Personally I find it useful to keep origin master updated and I've definitely helped many folks who didn't keep it updated because they were confused when they based a branch off of it without realizing it. These instructions are intended for people who don't know much about git so any confusion we can eliminate the better.  I'm not sure if they will understand setting and then resetting the upstream tracking branch so I'd have most people avoid that in most cases and keep it simple.

However I did add a new section that talks about a common flow for creating a branch, making changes, and then pushing it.

git push origin master
```

> At this point all three of your repos: local, origin, and upstream should all match and be in sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point all three of your repos - local, origin, and upstream - should all match and be in sync.
```

> Note that in order to ensure that we don't accidently get our local or origin master out of sync we use the `--ff-only` (fast-forward only) option which will fail if you have any commits that aren't already in the main repo. If you ever get into this state the easiest thing to do is to force reset your local master branch.

Reviewer 2: Glad you described why folks need this!

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

# Warning: this will remove any commits you might have in your local master so if you need those you should stash them in another branch before doing this
git reset --hard upstream/master

# If you also have your forked master out of sync you might need to use the force option when you push your changes there.
git push origin master -f
```

### Rebase changes on top of latest master

> If you have changes that you have been working on and you need to update them with the latest changes from master you should do the following commands after you have sync'ed your local master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have changes that you have been working on and you need to update them with the latest changes from master you, should do the following commands after you have sync'ed your local master.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

git checkout <branch-name>

# The rebase command will replay your changes on top of your local master branch
# If there are any merge conflicts you will need to resolve them now.
# Tip: if you want to squash changes you can add the '-i' for interactive mode to select which commits you want to squash during rebase.
git rebase master

> # Assuming there were new changes in master since you created your branch originally rebase will rewrite the commits and 

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we can link to a good tutorial on how to do rebase interactively in different tools (```--continue``` etc)?

Reviewer: https://www.git-scm.com/docs/git-rebase#_interactive_mode might be a start - but there's probably better. These links have worked for years, though, so if we don't use those, maybe an aka link.
